PLAT-125057: Fix Spotlight exits out of FixedPopupPanels (#940)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

- `sandstone/Scroller` and `sandstone/VirtualList` overscroll effect style to match latest designs

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/FixedPopupPanels` to keep focus inside of popup with 5-way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/FixedPopupPanels` to keep focus inside of popup when pressing 5-way after click
```

### Fixed

- `sandstone/FixedPopupPanels` to keep focus inside of popup when pressing 5-way after click
- `sandstone/InputField` cursor not to jump unexpectedly when mouse down
- `sandstone/MediaPlayer` to show `MediaControls` via wheel properly when isomorphic build
- `sandstone/PopupTabLayout` to move focus via 5-way left in the header

> 

Reviewer: ?
